# Reflection, Capstone

To say that this course challenged me is an understatment. Just when I thought that I knew what I was doing and was on track, the next step or exercise always seemed to stump me. I've never taken a course with such a learning curve before, so this course constantly was challenging me to step up to the task at hand. Each week definitely was challenging, but as we went I was beginning to learn how to adapt to these obstacles in order to get the best results without being frusturated. For the most part this seemed to work and I got better as the term went on. 
The Capstone Exercise was a different level of challenging for me. To begin I was not even really sure what we had to do. I think that part of this was so daunting because the other weeks we had instructions to follow and then all of a sudden this week it came to a point where we had to start applying everything we've done. Seeing as though I never made it too far in the exercises without getting stumped, I think the challenge with this exercise was that I didn't have something specific to follow. I had to start going through what we have learned and apply it to the exercise. In a class like this, week to week, the only reason I could get by was because of the instructions and carefully following them in order to get results. When it came time to really get started on this exercise I honestly did not feel ready at all. I got upset and frusturated many times when working on it especially when things weren't going as planned. I honestly feel like this was one of the most challenging projects I've ever had, so it definitely pushed me to be patient.   

# Greatest Weakness

I can definitely say that my greatest weakness in this course was asking for help. I'm not typically the type of person who asks questions or tries to get help, but rather when I'm stuck I tend to try and find my answers other ways, whether it be through reading something online or watching videos. With that being said, I think that this course could have been easier and relieved a lot of the stress I felt had I asked for help. Of course, it was constantly encouraged to colloborate and discuss, but again, it is something that I struggle with in all my classes. 

Another reason, is often times I would check slack and feel like I was behind since a lot of my classmates were already at least a couple of exercises ahead of me. Rather than asking if anyone else was stuck in the same situation as me, I would go and try to find other ways to get my answers. Honestly, I think this is by far my greatest weakness, because a lot of the time I found myself so overwhelmed and it was hard to get motivated to start working on an exercise again. Had I put aside my "fear" and gotten out of my comfort zone, I think that the course could have become easier and I would not have felt so stressed throughout the term. 

# Greatest Strength

My greatest strength in this class was honestly my ability to persevere. I'm not going to lie, there were multiple times right up until submitting my Capstone Exercise, that I considered dropping out. I found this course extremely challenging, more so than any other course I have ever taken. However, each and every week I continued to do the next module even though they were tough. When it would have been easy to go and drop out of the course, I would tell myself it wasn't worth it, to keep going, and I would figure out what I had to do. In order to do this, honestly I had to try and be happy for each success that I had along the way. Although it may sound ridiculous, this is the only way I would have gotten through. It may have taken me longer, but if I successfully completed an exercise, I could take a break and sit outside, watch a tv show or whatever I wanted to do so that when I sat down for the next exercise I would feel motivated to try rather than feeling like I had already failed. Had I not persevered throughout this course, I guarantee I wouldn't be writing this today. 

By persevering throughout this course, I think I've really shown myself that it is possible. Even when tasks and exercises seem like they will be impossible and you can't ever do them, you may as well try. The worst that can happen is things go wrong, but as least you've proven to yourself that you could do it or at least try something out, whether or not it is right. 
